And today was going to
be a busy day,
but thankfully I did some prep at home.
I packed my gym clothes last night,
helped to make my lunch this morning,
and double checked if I had my materials
for my drama presentation this afternoon.
My bags felt like
my back was going to break.
Once I get to my locker.
I catch up with my friends.
I know I have 25 minutes to get ready.
I start by checking my locker
checklist that I created
at the beginning of the year.
I have my pencil case, binder,
and water bottle.
I have the option of leaving my phone in
my locker or in a container in my class.
I personally like to leave mine
in my locker, but you can do what works
for you.
Next, I change my shoes to grab a snack
and go to my water.
After locking the lock.
I usually get to homeroom around 810.
I eat my snack while double
checking my binder for any work
that might need that day.
I try to use the washroom at this time
because if I don't, I'll have to wait
two hours until break.
When I went to the washroom,
I realized I forgot my charger,
so I quickly grabbed it from my locker
and thankfully I remembered
because my laptop was almost dead.
I'll try to remember
to charge it at night.
At 1030 I get a 15 minute break.
I spend this time
refilling my water bottle,
using the washroom and getting snack
before I go hang out with my friends.
At our two minute warning bell.
My friends and I get our materials
from our lockers before heading to class.
At lunch
time, I enjoy eating with my friends.
If I don't have any club meetings, I
go outside, but I use the washroom before.
Some of my friends prefer going to
the washroom before a period for snacks.
That makes me feel too rushed.
Lunch can be really busy sometimes,
but I can always get one of my super
organized friends to help me.
Like filling up my water bottle.
After school
can be a bit of a rush to catch the bus,
so I quickly go to my locker,
make sure I bring everything home
that I brought that day.
I don't think my mom wants to buy me a
water bottle, so I'm trying to get better.
I bring it home if I can.
I tidy my locker
so I'm better prepared tomorrow morning.
And that's a day in
the life as compared student
and. Little guys.